DOOM Map Maker notes

02-04-20
Today I studdied the code and the workings of the Nuklear demo:
	Calculator

The Calculator code was very simple, straight forward, and easy to follow how
the nuklear api was implemented. Its function was to make a pannel with buttons
and a display that performed simple math on floating point numbers.

I replicated some of the flags used to make my own pannel that displayed items
in an array. I also made a slider that modified an arbitrary value that was
displayed in the pannel.

Messed around with making lines using the map maker pannel.

02-05-20
Today I tried to change the makefile to be able to compile the map maker across
multiple files. I ran into an issue that I cant easily find the answer for. The
error says 'duplicate symbols' and I figured it was because my header was not
protected against double inclusion. So I fixed it, but that didn't fix my
problem. So I'll come back later and try something with the help of my group
mates.

I'll try to make some progress on the map's 'line' and 'thing' editor.
A few things need to be done with that:
	- Line pannel to choose flags, specials, textures
	- Thing pannel: angle
	- Sector pannel: heights

02-06-20
Today I was able to fix the compilation error from yesterday by removing
`nuklear.h` from the demo.h header. This may prove to be a problem in the future
but for now it serves its purpose. I am able to add more source files and
compile them cleanly with nuklear and glew. I wasnt able to make any new pannels
but that can be focused on in an easier way now that this current problem has
been resolved.
The next step is to develop and integrate new pannnels and have them compile
with their source-file specific headers, and have these headers include a single
project-header.
With work on migrating the existing map pannel, I think I did some pointer
manipulation incorrectly, which means the current demo is not working as it
should. That pannel is being worked on by Sam, and it shouldn't make too much of
an issue at this point. Just know it is broken, and I am aware of that.
Extra: after some finesse I can now include `nuklear.h` inside the main header
which means that the project is closer to having a modular development process.
I guess reading the instructions made more sense today than it did yesterday...
